Write 360 degree note on (template attached):
•	Each System database, compare with each other 
System Database:
Master DB: 
o	Records all the system-level information for an instance such as accounts, Logon, endpoints, linked server, and config settings.
o	Stores info about all existing DB, locations of their data, initialization info, and transaction logs.
o	To start SQL server instance, MSDB must be exist and readable.
o	It can be restored from the backups or rebuild.
o	User does not have control over the MSDB size.
MSDB: 
o	Is used by SQL Server Agent for scheduling alerts and jobs, and other features such as SSMS, Service broker, and DB amil.
o	Uses simple recovery mode, can be set to full recovery model.
o	Is highly sensitive.  

Model DB:

o	Is used as the templet of all databases created on that SQL server instance. 
o	Any modification made to this DB such as DB size, collation, recovery model etc. will apply to any DB created afterward.
o	Entire content of the Model DB and some settings copied to new DB in that instance.
o	Whenever the SQL server starts, the Temp DB uses Model DB, so it must always exist.
o	New created DB uses the same recovery mode as Model DB.

Temp DB: 

o	Is a global resource available to all users connected to that instance.
o	 Holds global/local User objects, temp tables, indexes, temp procedures, table variables, cursors, and intermediate sets. 
o	Holds Internal objects; intermediate results for spools, cursors, sorts, and temp large obj storage.
o	Each internal obj uses a minimum of 9 pages.
o	The size of Temp Db can affect performance.

Resource DB:
o	Is a read only Db that contains system obj that are included with SQL Server. 
o	System objects are physically persisted in the Resources DB, but they logically appear in the sys schema of each DB. 

•	compare each system database with user database.

While system BD will maintain information about SLQ server system, the User DBs are for users to store data and work with it.

•	File
o	Every SQL server has at least data and log files.
o	Data files contain data and objects such as tables, indexes, stored procedures, and views.
o	Data files can be grouped in Filegroups.
o	Log files contain info that requires to recover transactions in the DB.
o	Primary: Contains startup info and pointers to other files.
o	Secondary: User defined file. Used to store data in different storage.

•	Filegroup
o	Contains primary and secondary files that are not in other groups.
o	Is used to group data files for administrative, allocation, and placement purposes.
o	Any one file group can be set as default file group to hold objects. 

•	Service Accounts
o	Each service in the SQL server is a process that runs under the windows account. Service can be installed and configured in Configuration Manager. 

